Turn exercise 031 to practice (#2236)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/exercises/031_is_prime.md

title: Determine Whether a Given Integer Number Is Prime
slug: "31"
difficulty: intermediate
tags: ["arithmetic"]
description: "Check if a given integer is a prime number."
---

# Solution

> Recall that `d` divides `n` iff `n mod d = 0`. This is a naive

Reviewer: Should "iff" be "if" or does it stand for "if and only if"? If the latter, it should be IFF in all caps to as no to cause confusion.

Author: > Should "iff" be "if" or does it stand for "if and only if"? If the latter, it should be IFF in all caps to as no to cause confusion.

I think it be should IFF since it is explaining that the condition for d to divide n is that the remainder of n divided by d is zero. Let me change it in caps then.

# Solution

> Recall that `d` divides `n` IFF `n mod d = 0`. This is a naive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recall that `d` divides `n` if and only if `n mod d = 0`. This is a naive
```
